Added documentation on how to add new tokens (#57)
hemilabs/token-list: docs/add-new-token.md

# Adding a New Token to the List

The goal of this guide is to walk you through the steps needed to add a new token to the token list.

## Before you begin

You need to have some information about the token you want to add to the list before you begin this process:

1. Chain ID

The new token can be added to testnet and/or mainnet and the chain ID for each is the following:

- Testnet: 743111
- Mainnet: 43111

> If you want to add the token to both testnet and mainnet you need to execute these steps for each chain (one for testnet and another for mainnet).

> 1. Token Address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Token Address
```

This is how it looks

<img width="1132" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2b6ac04c-64a1-4592-9805-13f3b2920419" />

it seems the numbering is being lost

Author: I added `2.` first time, but got this eslint error:
>  86:2  error  Ordered list item prefix: Expected: 1; Actual: 2; Style: 1/1/1  markdownlint/md029

Author: replace it by sub-title

> The new token's smart contract must already be deployed in the chain you want to add it and this process will provide a Token Address like the one below:

Reviewer: small spelling mistake

```suggestion
The new token's smart contract must already be deployed in the chain you want to add it to, and this process will provide a Token Address like the one below:
```

Author: added

> # Adding New Token to the List

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Adding a New Token to the List
```

Author: fixed

> The goal of this guide is walk you through the steps needed to add a new token to the token list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The goal of this guide is to walk you through the steps needed to add a new token to the token list.
```

Author: fixed

## Before you begin

> You need to have some informations about the token you want to add to the list before you begin this tutorial and they are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need to have some information about the token you want to add to the list before you begin this tutorial and they are:
```

Author: fixed

> You need to have some informations about the token you want to add to the list before you begin this tutorial and they are:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You need to have some information about the token you want to add to the list before you begin this process:
```

1. Chain ID

The new token can be added to testnet and/or mainnet and the chain ID for each is the following:

> ```json

Reviewer 3: Should have used "text" instead of "json"? Could have used a list instead of a code block too.

Author: fixed

Testnet: 743111
Mainnet: 43111
```

> > If you want to add the token to both testnet and mainnet you need to execute these steps one time for each chain (one for testnet and another for mainnet).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> If you want to add the token to both testnet and mainnet you need to execute these steps for each chain (one for testnet and another for mainnet).
```

Author: fixed

1. Token Address

The new token's smart contract must already be deployed in the chain you want to add it and this process will provide a Token Address like the one below:

[0x8970a6A9Eae065aA81a94E86ebCAF4F3d4dd6DA1](https://explorer.hemi.xyz/address/0x8970a6A9Eae065aA81a94E86ebCAF4F3d4dd6DA1)

> You can get this information from the tokens section of Hemi Explorer.

## Step 1 - Run the Add Token Script

> There is a script that automates the process of adding new tokens to the list and you just need use the `chain-id` and `address` you collected in the previous step:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is a script that automates the process of adding new tokens to the list and you just need to use the `chain-id` and `address` you collected in the previous step:
```

```sh
node scripts/add-token <chain-id> <address>
```

> You need to install the project dependencies before running this command with `npm install`.

The script will automatically add the information about the new token to [./src/hemi.tokenlist.json](../src/hemi.tokenlist.json) file as shown below:

> ```json

Reviewer 3: Use "jsonc" if you need to add comments to the JSON block. Do the same for the next code blocks too.

```suggestion
```jsonc
```

Author: fixed

        "birthBlock": 195484 // <------
    },
    "logoURI": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hemilabs/token-list/master/src/logos/weth.svg",
    "name": "Wrapped Ether",
    "symbol": "WETH"
}
...
```

1. bridgeInfo (optional)

If the new token will be used for the tunnel you also need to add the `bridgeInfo` data to the JSON file (if it does not have it already).

```json
...
{
    "address": "0x3Adf21A6cbc9ce6D5a3ea401E7Bae9499d391298",
    "chainId": 743111,
    "decimals": 6,
    "extensions": {
        "birthBlock": 575834,
        "bridgeInfo": { //<-----------------
            "11155111": {
                "tokenAddress": "0xaA8E23Fb1079EA71e0a56F48a2aA51851D8433D0"
            }
        }
    },
    "logoURI": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hemilabs/token-list/master/src/logos/usdt.svg",
    "name": "USDT.e",
    "symbol": "USDT.e"
}
...
```

## Step 4 - Run Lint and Test Scripts

To verify that all your changes are correct you can run the scripts below:

### Format check

```sh
npm run format:check
```

### Linting

```sh
npm run lint
```

### Unit Tests

```sh
npm test
```

If everything is ok with these checks you can proceed to the next step.

> 

Reviewer 3: These steps should be done automatically before committing the code and before pushing. Husky and lint-staged are configured for that.

Author: Should I remove this step?

Author: removed
